to close the program today.
beautiful exposure to the sixth unpublished
betim city of the metropolitan region of
Belo Horizonte showed that this
exposure is breathtaking for many
many issues almost 200 animals
enrolled
and he still had a criterion to be
observed
also highlighted for the mares category
and for the junior competition
accompany the details in the
157 animals were taken
registered in the sixth edition of the exhibition
in the park of
exhibitions of betim metropolitan region
from belo horizonte
the first adnet explosion we did 80 70
z animals was a show that we
we did here invest and betinho got
which held a pole glued to beautiful
Horizon a lap that has a lot of creator
horse here has not given a result
satisfactory for the world this exhibition
use all categories of pulls and
could only participate
walkers not champions with reserved
the official exhibitions of the breed in
last 24 months
it fosters more race comments the
small breeder has less than
maybe it's preparation at home to bring
animal to compete equally or in
any other animal then this is the
idea of this exposure of
the exhibition was
paulo leite who was master of ceremony
the national exhibition and the walker
fest in 2013 from 2004 I went
invite your friends to start
to do trails with the horse and then 2004
I started doing some trails with the
horse at the time is bought a horse
mangalarga machador for my first
horse carriage mangalarga machador do
planet alligator and then an addiction
from 2004 onwards became an addiction and
partnership with areas ibr the journalist
brought the mare from brazilândia to the
Bringing track event is very good you
learn a lot you copom starting to
compare your animals outside your
corral and it's very interesting you leave
of your corral and compare your animals
outside
the young mare came first in the
morphology and
took the third prize in a group of
ten rules in the first test category
on average the ego that is at home
working now for comparison now
it is the moment of happiness
one of the most disputed trials was the
of 14 year old mares
between 6 and 12 years
the referee of march breno corrêa separated
three in the group at the head of the
chestnut but hamburg the storm wind
of three hearts and the street maria anita da
view
after analysis on the mount and the floor
judge gave the championship to the chestnut because
understood that the female has the qualities
the second and third places
she had dylan photo quality on
relation to the gesture in relation to
attitude and style in relation to
next in the diagram then they were
three nearby mares on the diagram
people had a
training in relation to style in
relation to riding when we are going to
Marilia dylan dish and Turkey for
chestnut looking for chestnut the average of the
other two by the amount but to make
a very good contact with judge
judgment is behind them and
sure it is mounted as said must have
very heavy
the sixth edition of the unpublished
offered the young knights to
opportunity to participate in a
mangalarga official competition
walker
sharlei guilherme yuri marco tulio e
ricardo rômulo entered the dispute after
the evaluation of posture
driving seat and ability with the
March thulium aid was chosen the
the best of proof are the considerations of
arbitrage in the comparative
knights man which with the fucking
put a little better fire
the stove today in the first place already
which might work this little more
Why did you miss the first one?
cup
the vote in your opinion here he said
always he came back very well missed
better posture is waiting is high or
lacking will is reserved for you and
for the other modes very well but I think
that the animal condition
I was more acute and therefore awarded
of the 112 adult animals registered in the
competition 18 qualified for the
great championships here in the 6th exhibition
of unpublished betim and at the trial
between the horses
the galloping male of the fig tree was consecrated
champion of the march champions by
first time I think it came from a fifth
and two third places in the category
horse in 2013 says the proof of
in an impeccable manner and ensured
joy of the araz sparrow team
we did a serious job with the
professionalism
counting on the collaboration of everyone
of the Joseph machine rode on the horse
prepared the horse for serious work with
much genetic is just joy in the
sovereign maradona race was
the champion among females fascination mfc
made double and took the titles of
champion of the march and race champions and
still had the best time in the
walker ideal one I wanted not his
we bet that we did go out to buy the
the embryo in television that for me is a
of the best brazilian cast and put
a horse we create ours is also
very satisfied we earn from good mares
wonderful I'm here I think I had
three mistakes here that was in the fight
heavyweight is very pleased to win
this title unheard of the great champions
in the 6th exhibition of betim a
opportunity for new
race mangalarga walker